README.md, before:

# Hello World!
Hello! I am Austin Couch, I am a second-year student at Rochester Institute of Technology pursuing a Bachelor's of Science majoring in Computer Science 
and minoring in Game Design and Development. 

I am enthralled by the pull of problem solving and try my best to help others wherever I can, I absolutely 
love collaborating on projects and find joy in the communication amonst teammates and building off of and learning through each other's ideas. 

I am currently looking for a summer co-op opportunity for May-August 2022 in the computer science, software enginerring/development, or game 
design/development fields!

<!---## Related Schooling
Besides general 
- 👀 I’m interested in ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 📫 How to reach me ...

AustinLCouch/AustinLCouch is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Updated Project Description and Contact Info

README.md, after:

# Hello World!
Hello! I am Austin Couch, I am a second-year student at Rochester Institute of Technology pursuing a Bachelor's of Science majoring in Computer Science 
and minoring in Game Design and Development. 

I am enthralled by the pull of problem solving and try my best to help others wherever I can, I absolutely 
love collaborating on projects and find joy in the communication amonst teammates and building off of and learning through each other's ideas. 

I am currently looking for a summer co-op opportunity for May-August 2022 in the computer science, software enginerring/development, or game 
design/development fields!

## Projects
Please take a look at my portfolio projects broken up into their separate public repositories and read their descriptions in their respective README or report files! Please keep in mind this is an evolving WIP GitHub setup and some things will be difficult to transfer from assignment deliverables into descriptive files for one-off viewing. Feel free to contact me at the information below with any questions on the provided projects or any others with objecives that could interest as their status may have provided them from currently making my inclusion list! Thank you for your time!

## Contact Information
Email: _AustinLCouch@gmail.com_

Linked-in: _https://www.linkedin.com/in/austin-couch/_

Phone: _+1-810-834-9321_


<!---## Related Schooling
Besides general 
- 👀 I’m interested in ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 📫 How to reach me ...

AustinLCouch/AustinLCouch is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
